is cost a big issue for AI at a meta
level and what I mean is a year ago
we're like oh my God we're never going
to be able to afford everything anything
so expensive but everything not only is
everything getting cheaper but we're
getting better as developers as users we
are actually less wasteful of resources
so like the scale UPS I work with the
ones at 100 million or above honestly I
don't hear a lot of worries about cost
anymore but what are you hearing in
general or at the CIS office around cost
versus Roi cost is always obviously top
of mind for cios but I don't think
they're as worried about that as they
are falling behind and making sure that
they've got the right resources to
experiment and to build and learn and
test because they're relying like a at
least a lot of our customers they're
relying on us to figure out how do you
optimize the compute the storage and the
processing power and the cost of the
tpus that are powering a lot of these
models we are obsessively worried about
that in a good way hello everyone and
welcome to another saster recording of
our saster what's new podcast
we're so excited to be joined by Sarah
Kennedy who's the VP of Google Cloud
marketing we have been long-term longe
partners with Google Cloud excited to
see them back it's as for annual again
this year you guys have nexts coming up
you guys are growing like crazy there's
a lot going on at both Google cloud and
Google so one of the very first things
we want to dive into for today between
you and then Jason who's here our s CEO
and founder as well is Google Cloud has
been on a tear right Jason has written
it up on sas.com you guys are growing
30% just in the last quarter alone at
the time of this recording might be more
by the next time we do a check-in can
you share with us just for the saster
community and audience what's driving a
little bit of that growth from your
perspective on the inside what have you
seen awesome thanks Amelia thanks Jason
for having me first of all it's great to
be here and to chat with you all today
but yeah gosh Google cloud is growing
fast I'm actually my fifth year at
Google and and I think when we started
we were at a 12 billion run rate and now
she said it's more than tripled and it's
an incredible B of Journey right now
that we're in the middle of and
especially in just the AI wave that is
taken over all of our worlds and lives
but it's the core components really
Google's AI stack that set us apart and
that's everything from the worldclass
infrastructure that we have at our data
centers all over the world I just got to
visit one for the first time a few weeks
ago and it was magical and just seeing
the incredible Cooling techn and some of
the ways that we drive efficiency it's
just it's hard to appreciate until
you're physically in that venue in that
moment but it's also then the powerful
platform that we provide hundreds of
different AI models through from World
leading models and it's not just Gemini
models it's anthropic it's llama it's so
many the other models out there to give
people choice and access to everything
through a single platform that's vertex
AI for us and then also our Gemini
models obviously we want to have the
world's very best and most powerful
models and we're doing that but we're
also doing that all with the privacy and
security protections that are true to
who Google is built in very much from
the start so I think when we combine
really that level of just Innovation the
choice and flexibility we're giving our
customers it's a recipe for growth and
that's why we've seen that massive
Terror over the last really in the last
few years Sarah can I push on that a a
little more just because you are
thinking about it from a marketing
perspective uh I would say the vast
majority of startups I work with are
running part of their infrastructure on
Google Cloud right for sure but sell a
little harder but more specifically what
I mean is you're gaining market share
and yes there's Ai and I want to spend
the rest of our time talking about AI
because honestly it's the only thing
anybody wants to talk about but be a be
both objective but a proponent why are
you gaining share but there's you don't
gain share at this scale right unless
there's two or three core reasons folks
come in and they just pick go at least
for more of their budget if not 100
because we are in a heter world but why
are you gaining share a lot of times
Jason we have customers who will come in
and move one workload over and we
because again we started out with our
core tenants of who Google cloud is we
wanted to provide choice and we didn't
want it to be this all or nothing you
have to move everything to Google on day
one or not and so a lot of what what
happened over the years is that
especially in the last 3 to four years
we won a lot of business just with
single mostly like modern app workloads
for example people would come over and
build a net new app on Google Cloud
start to work with us and see how
powerful actually that relationship was
and what you're now seeing in the last 1
to two years are all of those who 3 to
four years ago took a bet on us and then
have started to migrate more and more
workloads over the like more recent 18
to 24 months and with AI they're looking
at it we we were the we were the third
place player for a long time in the
cloud space but we really are the First
Choice when it comes to AI so now when
all of those cios and CTO had started to
consider now what do I do they're
getting pressure from your boards who is
the player that actually can keep me the
farthest ahead of the curve almost all
of them came to us whether they were
already working with us for their Cloud
infrastructure compute storage Etc they
came to us to actually ask the question
first what should I be doing with AI and
I would say if you think about the power
of what's Happening across all of Google
we run some of the most sophisticated
compute infrastructure in the world
answering billions of search queries
having streaming millions of hours of
YouTube videos we have seven products
that reach more than two billion users
that's like crazy and the answer to our
customers is very simple when they look
at who they're wanting to partner with
and as we're infusing AI into YouTube
into search they want to come to use all
the same technology and infrastructure
that's been available to Google for the
years and so that that's where I think
we're winning business we're building
credibility but we're most importantly
keeping them ahead of the curve and
that's how we're winning and growing
right now can I actually one nerdy
tactical DTM question and I know that
your team's big but when I look at the
public uh folks that talk about
migrating workflows over we often see
it's like a 7 to 10 year Journey yeah
because you'll migrate one workflow and
then two and then you'll often see some
of the Pure Play infrastructure players
it'll be like eight years until they
maximize out an account so question for
you having seen all of it with the sales
team and the GTM team like how do you
get it just right so you remain super
customer Centric because if you're in
sales I might love to I might push a
little too hard bring everything for
tomorrow Sarah how do you help the team
manage that because it could be the
better half a decade right yeah I
honestly think we're playing the long
game and I think the team fully
appreciates that and we think about our
investment and time spent with customers
as the payout doesn't happen immediately
nor should it because they have to build
trust they also have to learn and we
have to figure out what it is that we
have to help support them with to learn
to then migrate and so there's a ton of
work we do right now that's around just
training and how do we think about
investing in their developer Community
within those companies how are we
educating them are we bringing them
along on the jury because it's one thing
to sell something to a CIO or a CTO but
it's a darn big another to go deep into
the OR and figure out can you actually
get a lot of those developers May many
of them are certainly certified in using
other Cloud platforms if they're not
already using Google so it's a long game
and it's actually something we talk
about this a lot it's you don't see this
immediate return necessarily from
investing in students but it's the right
thing for the future of where cloud and
AI are going you talked about the CIO
and together with Google cloud training
the developers on the team which
actually I haven't lived too much versus
the classic developer bringing it in and
saying to the boss and the CIO I've made
this decision please approve it how do
that Chang the buying pattern there like
we we go back to the old twio Billboards
pre everything on the 101 ask your
developer right that was it was it was a
powerful message right and it really
interesting to me how the CIO empowers
the developers right and educates them
versus versus the other side it's so
it's especially apparent in the last
couple of years that we've SE most cios
just like most CMOS are going and
looking to it's whether it's your
developer like your most passionate
developer who actually was already has
been working in AI ml for a decade yeah
now all the sudden when your board's
calling you you're like they're going
straight and it's a Bottoms Up
conversation where they're the ones
bringing in which models are we going to
test how are we going to experiment with
which AI platforms it's almost primarily
a developer Le Motion in in pretty much
every environment cios have to be
accountable and responsible but they're
learning they're being taught by their
developers the things that they've been
distant from for quite a while and so
that's very it's it for us marketing to
developers is has always been important
it it's never been more important though
right now in this moment because that is
a truly Bottoms Up moment and so that is
it's different from like the traditional
historical approach of computing storage
when you're dealing with eight-digit
nine-digit deals in some cases of a
massive it's like procurement the CFO
the CIO the they're the ones out there
making some of those choices about their
long-term Cloud strategy and who's going
provide security stability and that that
that runs so many different facets of
their organizations and that is not just
a developer-led decision or motion but
AI frankly is and that's an exciting
actually time to be I think both the
developer but also the cios who are
learning from them and they're probably
also seeing a different path for
succession planning based on just the
passion people leaning in I mean so
we're seeing that shift and I think
that's true in almost every function so
it's interesting just from a marketing
perspective you're seeing a
Resurgence in the power of the developer
making the decision in AI right
absolutely AB maybe if we're just
talking about cloud in general outside
of AI maybe that's migrated to the cioo
these are big decisions right and the
CIO if I'm going to put more money into
Google Cloud just generically that's a C
Level decision but if all the budgets
going to AI it's an interesting it's not
a tension but it's a huge dynamic
because so much budget's fall to AI
right so I emping the developers more in
the or it is and I think and I think
they were empowered already with the
cloud I do think they were weighing in a
lot and I think they were heavily
waiting that but it's when it's a 10y
year 5 to 10 year Contracting commitment
it just it just gets bigger and the
influencers and the decision makers that
are involved in that buying decision
just balloons versus AI is all it's all
experimental and then yes there's going
to be the larger bigger Enterprise deals
over time we've got many of those too
but the developer usage is what's
teaching us with the future of this
platform and product set and our models
and our infrastructure really needs to
look like yeah I can't I'm sure there
are many that are able but I can't
imagine most cios can keep up with the
pace of change of models fast right work
at Google and it's hard even Google it's
hard right even in the Google it's got
to be hard right it is what what came
out yesterday L literally and I we have
fortunately we use AI to summarize AI
news and announcements it's just like
such a like a meta environment in that
respect but it's the pace of changes
it's cool though it's what a time to be
working in Tech and Ai and what an
exciting time for everybody to figure
out how can you leverage this to your
benefit in your job in your personal
life it's just the possibilities are
endless yeah can we tie it for a minute
let's tie it to B2B and SAS and maybe
the big deal was Salesforce yeah but how
big was it on two and a half billion or
something like that big bees yes before
we get there I just want to when I was
watching the earnings call with Mark
yesterday or maybe it was a CNBC just to
your point he was so excited yes oh my
God I haven't seen him like this in a
decade and that's saying a lot cuz Mark
gets excited about a lot of things but
but it was authentic but the thing going
to your point like people at Google are
excited yeah he can get up there and
sell even if they shrink this quarter
he's going to get up there and tell you
it's the best thing that he's ever seen
but you can smell Au smell the
authenticity in someone that's been
doing it for two decades and it was
rejuvenating for him right rejuvenating
it's an exciting deal when he's placing
a massive bet and we are too like it's
yeah I love these kind of Partnerships
because there's so much good that can be
brought to the world frankly Whenever
two companies of this size and scale
come together with that authenticity and
that's what it's all about and I listen
this it's been a journey with Salesforce
to get to this point but the deal that
we announced it spans everything from
cloud infrastructure to agentic AI
customer service collaboration
everything and now all of the CRM as
well as agent force and sign of
Salesforce are going to now be available
on Google Cloud but this is actually a
lot of this came from it's like a
customer-led thing for both of us a lot
of the Enterprises who were already
working with sales force and already
worked with Google demanded and said
this is where that demand came from it's
we want to run Salesforce on Google's
infrastructure because of the security
features that we offer because of the
computant storage and the efficiency and
all the other things that are the
goodness of it and when we come together
we bring them more value in doing that
but also them adding Gemini models to
agent force is going to be a huge unlock
I think everybody's really excited with
the potential of that and I have been
from day one when I saw Mark announce
age of force okay what are we going to
do together because this is really the
potential there is endless but having
access to Google AI to power their
agents for all the companies that work
with Salesforce already that's going to
be a big unlock but also it's this is
all about letting customers work where
they want to work for we're just talking
about this with workspace like for years
like large Enterprises have had a lot of
different opportunity and choice when it
comes to collaboration and productivity
platforms but typically only two of them
people really want to use and that's
Google workspace and slack and so to
create a better experience for our joint
customers there we're going to be
integrating those platforms I personally
I been waiting for this for a long
time accessing Google drive files inside
of slack accessing Google calendar
within slack bringing slack and Google
Chat together I think this is like a
marriage in heaven those two products
because most of the users who are
passionate about user experience those
are the two products that they already
use and want to use more of and so bring
that together for the first time is
going to be really cool oh just I had
realized things like application
integrating chat and slack is pretty
interesting right yeah it is funny as uh
as the world has changed over the last
few years I live more and more in Google
I always did but more I don't want to go
to honestly I don't want to go to slack
it's a tax on my time it used to be
wonderful and no knock on slack it's a
great business but it's become another
browser or another app I have to do and
I just I want to simplify my life so
running that even that integration would
actually be a game changer for us yeah
okay let me ask you one other nerdy
question on this but just my I'm
interested but ignorant the first point
the Google Salesforce application
integration we could spend a whole bunch
of time on administered but at the first
one when you talked about running
Salesforce on Google Cloud if I've got
that right and that what does that mean
and then I'll ask you a follow-up
question but I get you get I'm running
on Google Cloud it's highly secure I've
got my data but Salesforce is pretty
secure there's some pretty good
Enterprises running sales like I haven't
heard a lot of complaints right so how
I'm just very interested I'm I've
Birches both right I have a massive
commitment to both I see why I might
want to pull my data but what's the real
driver like why am I waking up and this
is like a a P1 priority to to not have
isolated clouds I do think security is
at the heart of it I I be honest yeah
and and listen it may be different for
very large Enterprises versus small
businesses that are thinking about
different problems that they're solving
when they're when they're actually
asking for this but we've seen this in a
lot of places it's number one where your
data lives and how security is going to
be even more important in the next year
and that'll be true I'll say that every
single year until I retire yeah but it's
never been more important than right now
number one number two everything you do
with AI is built around where your data
estate lives and so that is the that's
the heart and soul of what companies are
going to be able to do to unlock even
more value and when you think about the
kind of data that lives inside of
Salesforce and then powering that with
the superpowers of Google's
infrastructure even being able to train
custom models and using big query for
that and that be your storage layer of
your Cloud ecosystem yeah it's just much
more seamless and again the security
layer around what you do with AI will
become th those two things cannot be
separated anymore and so that's I think
a big part of the choice and the
decisions a lot of these cios are making
is who do I really trust from here
forward to secure my data and to be the
Foundation of everything and every
application I'm going to leverage
whether it's through agent force or
whether it's building their own custom
agents on top of Google Cloud that's
never been more critical yeah it is it
is first of all security is more
important in the age of AI right at the
end of the day I think half the cio's
decisions are about security one way or
the other they are half right if cios
are looking and saying listen AI is
Chang in the world we've standardized a
lot of our work on Google cloud and yeah
we're investing Mass amounts in
Salesforce but we want that data to Res
on Google cloud is the Big Driver here
right it's heightening the concerns here
right of where my data lives let me ask
one follow up on that um when you're
talking with cios and Senior folks in
the
office are they asking about agents are
they asking about work what's their
language for AI at the application Level
are they all talking about agents the
same way we are on LinkedIn and in X or
are they describing this in other ways
it widely varies they there some of them
are still talking about it the way that
they have been cuz they've been deeply
investing in this for years like
automation cuz a lot of it was just
standard autom but the intelligence
layer on top of it and the autonomy of
agents and how they think about the some
of them are more advanced than others
than their competitors are driving them
to be and that's actually a healthy
thing that they're talking about it in
the language of Agents giving them that
language as a CIO to partner with their
peers is a really important part of the
value we bring and we do that behind the
scenes with them and educate them on
it's not just about what language they
want use it's about the language they
need to use to be able to communicate
with less technical peers who are all
the business case use case drivers of a
lot of the investment they're making in
AI right now got it yeah maybe one last
question on the C and then maybe we can
just have a little fun and talk about
Google Max and anything else you want to
hit is in the real world when you're
talking with cios and stuff I have my
own opinions here but I'm not talking to
cios yeah is cost a big issue for AI at
a meta level and what I mean is a year
ago we're like oh my God we're never
going to be able to afford everything
anything so expensive but everything not
only is everything getting cheaper but
we're getting better as developers as
users we are actually less wasteful of
resources so like the scale UPS I work
with the ones at 100 million or above
honestly I don't hear a lot of worries
about cost anymore they've gotten good
at it but what are you hearing in
general or at the CIS office around cost
versus Roi cost is always obviously top
of mind for cios but I don't think
they're as worried about that as they
are falling behind and making sure they
got the right resources to experiment
and to build learn and test because
they're relying like at least a lot of
our customers they're relying on us to
figure out how do you optimize the
compute the storage and the processing
power and the cost of the tpus that are
powering a lot of these models we are
obsessively worried about that in a good
way that's why when I visited the data
center that I mentioned I learned so
much about the way that we are we have
the most efficient data centers in the
world and specifically the way that
we're training models and using tpus and
the cooling systems provide less power
search and power pull for us to our data
centers that makes it just cheaper and
it allows us to actually do more and
that's something that we don't talk
about it that much but it's so Central
to the future of cost optimization for
AI when you get AI That's that
accessible I feel like we're going to
enter an era maybe next year where
there's no limits it's at the
application Level I'm not saying that ml
Engineers can't consume every CPU and
GPU but what I mean is at the
application Level I think an era is
going to come where it's going to be so
cost effective that we can do almost
anything we want at the application
Level as long as we're smart about how
we use it like No Limits totally No
Limits why can't my app do everything
not just a little bit right no limits
okay one last nerdy marketing question
just because you brought up I'm curious
now YouTube yeah so YouTube is now I
mean I live in YouTube okay I live in
YouTube as a consumer like I've moved
off pretty much everything but honestly
the quality is so high does that help
your brand in the Enterprise and or does
it help it with developers that want to
pick AI how do how do you tie and and
we're creators like right now we're
doing a podcast and actually YouTube is
the number one outlet for podcast now
it's past apple and Spotify and
everybody else so yep how does that tie
into developer choices the fact that we
live in YouTube a lot of the
conversation we we have internally
across as we call them Pas but YouTube
is our product areas so YouTube and
Cloud we spend a lot of time together
thinking about that and YouTube running
on Google cloud and and all the elements
of that go into that are really
important for us to learn about scale
for a lot of our other customers that
are at the same scale scale it's crazy
it's crazy no one has that yeah no one
has that in theace no no one will touch
it super cool but to your point like
we've actually dug a lot deeper into who
are developers that are out there
they're talking about our technology and
just on their own because they're just
Advocates that aren't official they're
not a part of some necessarily program
but they're the ones that are teaching
people how to use technology and
especially in AI like we just started to
see this explosion of new influencers in
that space and so we think about the
creators and how we're able to actually
build and bring value to them just like
they're doing the same for us and I
think even I take it even to the small
business landscape we just did a really
cool I say we it's my peer and I've got
Envy of him because it was one of the
coolest campaigns I think we've had in
the five years that I've been here but
it's it was called 50 states 50 stories
and it was a Google workspace campaign
where for the Super Bowl they went out
and filmed 50 different small businesses
and they then in their local markets put
them in that State's local media Market
they put them on in the Super Bowl so
they all had their own Super Bowl ad but
the cool thing I was actually looking in
the last few days all the YouTube like
sharing that we did across all of those
stories has picked up even more after
the Super Bowl because those owners
those small businesses started sharing
it and now their stories are being told
and being Amplified through YouTube and
that was a that was something that we
worked on behind the scenes with that
team as well is figuring out how do we
basically take the massive Spotlight
that's on Google and give that stage to
our customers as well as the developers
who are the ones out there actually
building the future of AI and
Tech I love it I love it okay Google
next 2025 when is it it is April 8th to
the 11th April 8 to 11th okay y so I
want to talk about Google next but
before we talk about it specifically I
got a couple questions it's not what it
was the commitment to events and field
is the ROI still there is it better is
it worse than a couple years ago what
have you learned at a meta level what
have you learned about the
ROI listen I was wrong uh 3 years ago is
what I will tell you I did not think
that physical events were going to come
back with the roar that this one has and
what I will tell you is I think there's
a few different variables at play we
were I think it was in 2022 it was our
first attempt to come back to any even
small scale audience we had about 250
people in our New York office and we did
a 24-hour live broadcast that was our
first foray back into physical but
hybrid digital moment and next year
Thomas had a vision our CEO of cloud was
like listen I don't think that we can
miss the opportunity to bring our
partner ecosystem into the fold even
more than we ever have before so we went
to Moscone we did that there and that
was about 18,000 people and then we
decided the next year we were going to
double the size of the event because the
demand was there and people were
actually like clamoring for it people
are hungry for connection people are
hungry to actually come and like
actually learn in a collect Ive shared
space because you just don't get that
it's everything's so transactional
online these days in video conferences
Etc just being in rooms with humans even
for a few days even in Vegas it is it's
actually really special it is I would
say a distraction it's the most worthy
distraction I could imagine for my team
and it's actually rallying moment as
Salesforce does this beautiful they use
dreamforce as their forcing function for
new product launches the hilarity of
this moment we're in right now there's
no such thing as a an annual or a
quarterly launch we're launching and
shipping weekly like by it's crazy but
it's also a great rallying cry to bring
so much of the momentum and making sense
of it for people in a room together and
that's what next is really all about and
I think we're going to have 32,000
people on site this year we're going to
have 4500 customer meetings so if you
can do the math on that that's actually
the biggest beast but that's one of the
largest Investments we make is the space
where we have our customer engagement
Center and people can come and ask
questions talk to our sales leaders talk
to our engineering leaders that they
don't really to see in person as much
all of our partners coming together
we're going to have well over 350
partner sponsors on site our Expo show
floor is like insane but I just get
really excited it's going to be really a
magical few days there's two questions
one a nerdy marketing question then one
meta followup on on Google Cloud next
4500 customer meetings you said right by
customers do you mean prospects and
customers or existing and how do you
think about load balancing at a huge
event you're spending probably you spend
more than a year to plan next right what
ratio of the energy is into keeping our
customers together verus helping to
close deals it's every customer is also
a future deal is better than anyone when
with the portfolio as big as Google
we've got a ton of people that come in
that have been existing quote existing
customers in the traditional marketing
definition who are Green Field or
prospects in the AI space most people
are right because it's so new and so
we're it's like people we have deep
relationships with that we've been
working with for years and could have
massive invest already with Google but
they're all they're coming into it with
fresh eyes a new approach to now what do
we do together when it comes to AI
That's the majority of the conversations
that we have on sites we don't like
subselect and carve out things just for
prospects or customers and that way we
want to we treat everyone as though
they're on an educational Journey we
meet them where they are in that moment
I would also say developers are the most
important thing for us this year on site
more than ever before we had I think 9
or 10,000 last year and this year we're
going to have about 15 to 17,000 on site
as a part of the 32,000 Google
interestingly has no we have
overwhelming demand from business
decision makers and cxos and we want
them there but we want even more to have
their developer teams join them and be
on site and be a part of that experience
so you'll see even more this year space
that's carved out for Hands-On Labs
training learning all of that and
startups are almost like they're a huge
driver of attendance for us just
organically cuz that's where that's one
of the few times they can all come
together in like large scales we'll have
thousands of startup founders and
leaders as a part of those organizations
be there on site together we have a very
dedicated startup program as well for
them yeah that was the penultimate
question I was going to ask you was
whether the attendee composition has
changed but it's interesting you're
going to have 50% developers right
that's it hearkens back I remember going
to the first Google IO again I'm dating
myself I I felt like everyone was a
developer except me there but if you're
going long you want it to be half your
folks right all right the one question I
thought I didn't want to run too long
the one question I the tech the
quantitative version I was ask you is
how content's changing like what percent
of your content's going to be a next
tell me about Trends yeah so a big Trend
that I'm loving right now and I'm
obsessed like I tell my team all the
time put your hands on the tech every
day and you'll and it reveals to you
what's possible in a way that's
impossible to just study right but art
the thinking models and the Deep
research models that's I'm nerding out
on it right now and even the live
interaction with Gemini is fascinating
so in AI Studio like I kid you not for
this podcast I go in to there's the
streaming um feature inside of AI Studio
I basically show it what's happening on
my webcam and I asked what do I need to
adjust about this for recording for a
podcast it's huh okay I would adjust
actually the right now the lighting is
making it look like you're tired and I'm
like rude but okay thanks Gemini goes is
move the move your lighting like over to
the directly in front of you and then
it's your background is too cluttered or
whatever and I was just like I actually
had a conversation I was like okay I go
what I was like where should I put this
versus that and it's I don't know I'll
wait till you decide but it's actually
giving me tips on different things and
it's fun because it's like me actually
talking to anybody else on a live like
broadcast in a sense really interesting
interaction but the thinking in deep
research models like I recently we had a
table read for our our keynote and I ran
the recording of that through our
thinking model and it was fascinating so
what it tells you you click down and you
see basically in the thinking model what
is it doing it's more of the how and the
why not just the what and so it gives me
this list stuff it's going through I'm
going to understand the Persona and the
task I'm going to do an initial pass
through of the video and give you the
big picture of what what's my general
impression what's the tone the style
then it does another pass it says I'm
going to do focused viewing and I'm
going to give you tips on structure flow
content delivery stage presence all that
stuff so that's like a big Trend right
now that I'm digging into with my team
and I'm using it heavily leading up to
next yes C Google was so early to AI to
the extent that we almost had to hide it
right and if we go back in time one of
the most magical AI apps not really
generative is photos oh yeah what photos
could do early at smass scale because
there's so much data so many images
totally but you the the thinking was
hidden right but all of a sudden any
photo you want any and it would
automatically create your album
automatically find the right photo from
years ago automatically detect things
right now today we want to see the
thinking we want every app to be
responsive we want to talk to every app
totally every app has to listen to us
today doesn't it totally but we Google
there Google had so much AI but we we
used to have to hide it cuz we were
scared to talk to our apps we want to
see how they think we we don't just want
to talk to we want to see how they think
100% And I think what's fascinating
right now too is that AI tools are
simultaneously getting more capable and
also easier to use and that live
interaction making them feel more human
and almost you feeling more human in
that interaction is a really special
magical thing it's a user experience
challenge but it's also just the Deep
technology that has to exist behind the
scenes to make that possible and the
power of the models behind it I'm blown
away every day yeah I think we're
missing AI is moving so quickly like
we've been talking a lot the last year
about firing customer success agents and
automation there it's not that it's that
I want to talk to my app and sometimes I
want to talk to a human and as the
talking gets every app should be
responsive I should be able to talk to
every single app and I should be able to
talk to humans when that's appropriate
in escalation right but we're missing
the point it is great it is finally now
great to talk to apps yeah way I love it
okay Sarah thank you for so much time
bring your developer to Google next
along with you it's the 50/50 rule so if
your business people are going to come
you got to bring your developer it will
be great you'll see Google Cloud at
saster annual once again which is
terrific and I'm looking forward to
doing this again in 12 months and AI is
going to be like it's going to we're
going to almost laugh at this
conversation cuz it's going to be so
different in 12 months can't even
imagine where we'll be but I'm super
excited to see where it takes us all
right thanks again Sarah thanks Jason